chore!: internalize old `JsonAbi` format (#2862)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/encoding/encode-and-decode.md

# Encode and Decode

> In order to interact with the FuelVM, types must be encoded and decoded as per the [argument encoding specification](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/specs/abi/argument-encoding/). The SDK provides the `Interface` class to encode and decode data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with the FuelVM, types must be encoded and decoded per the [argument encoding specification](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/specs/abi/argument-encoding/). The SDK provides the `Interface` class to encode and decode data.
```

> The relevant methods on `Interface` are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relevant methods of `Interface` are:
```

- `encodeType`
- `decodeType`

> The `Interface` class requires you to pass the [ABI](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/specs/abi/json-abi-format/) on initialization. Both methods then accept a `concreteTypeId` which must exist in the ABI's `concreteTypes` array, based on which a coder is created internally that is able to encode/decode that type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Interface` class requires you to pass the [ABI](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/specs/abi/json-abi-format/) on initialization. Both methods accept a `concreteTypeId`, which must exist in the ABI's `concreteTypes` array. After that, a suitable coder will be assigned to encode/decode that type.
```
